Analytics help in epic acceptance criteria (#27)
windmilleng/company: product-development/README.md

- Many changes will not improve metrics in weeks or even months. That's okay. But still need to mention which specific metrics you are targeting.
- If your change introduces a new metric to measure, collecting that data should be in scope or future work should be captured. For example, if you've created a new feature, you should be tracking it with weekly feature-using accounts, and link to that metric here.
- Most changes should be small and thus you should be frequently linking to [Company Metrics](https://github.com/windmilleng/company-private/tree/master/company-metrics) and [Tilt metrics](https://github.com/windmilleng/company-private/tree/master/tilt-metrics).

> - Refer to [Analytics](https://github.com/windmilleng/company-private/tree/master/analytics) to determine how to collect metrics. Contact Victor if you're unsure how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to [Analytics](https://github.com/windmilleng/company-private/tree/master/analytics) to determine how to collect metrics. Contact Victor if you're unsure how to use the analytics software or collect the data that you're interested in.
```

Author: Thanks @jazzdan . Commited your suggestion.
